Isn't this the baby?
Look at me
Oops ouch
oops
Fan Jian
ah
this is not
The woman who has raised me for three years
Is it cute?
Ha ha
Unexpectedly
See you again so soon
ah
Fan Jian
Um
I don’t think I provoked you, right?
what do you mean
What's the meaning
I want to ask you
I just dumped you
I just found a new one.
You're still embarrassed
Say this kind of thing
OK
You found a new one
a little cutie
You don't mind being dirty either
dirty
Who can be as dirty as you?
What did you say
I said
you
dirty
Lin Yang is fine
Let's go quickly
Did I let you go?
ah
OK
Then I am today
Just have fun with you
explain
What are you thinking about?
Hahaha
These two glasses of wine
A cup of one hundred thousand
Exactly two hundred thousand
Lose money within three minutes
otherwise
I'll kill you
Why are you like this?
It's obviously you
Lin Yang who splashes
Also let Lin Yang
Pay you money
Hahaha
it's him
Dumped by Yaoyao
have a grudge against us
retaliation
and
Who saw it again?
I put the wine
Splashed on him
ah
boy
It doesn’t matter if you can’t afford the compensation
Lick these clean for me
I'll let you go
ah